del(6x legacy forms): delete (#582)
bonitasoft/bonita-doc: md/migration-overview.md

## Migrating your process definitions

A process definition created using a previous Bonita 7.x can be run on this version after a platform migration. You might choose to update the process definition to take advantage of new features. 
To update a process definition, export it from the older version of Bonita Studio as a `.bos` file, then import it into the 
newer version and update it.
Note: you cannot import a process definition `.bos` file into a version of Bonita Studio that is older than the version 
that was used to create it.

> A process definition created using a version 6.x of Bonita, or using 6.x style forms or overviews, needs to have its task and instantiation forms modified in a previous version of 

Author: ```suggestion
A process definition created using a version 6.x of Bonita, or using 6.x forms or case overview pages, needs to have its task and instantiation forms modified in a previous version of 
```
